5.12 Changelog (#21413)
Ultimaker/Cura: resources/texts/change_log.txt

- Introduced Honeycomb and Octagon infill types that are fast and do not self-intersect, reducing ringing at high speeds
- Introduced Infill Start/End Move Inwards Length settings that add an extra line at the beginning and the end of your infill to prime the infill and prevent blobs on the outside wall
- Introduced Infill Skin Support to consolidate and replace Extra Infill Lines to Support Skin, Skin Edge Support Layer, and Bridging Over Infill Settings.
- Introduced a Middle option to the Z Seam Positions, contributed by @GregValiant
- Introduced a Print Estimation Factor to the Printer Settings that allows you to adjust the predicted printing time when you notice it deviates consistently from reality, contributed by @HellAholic

* Bug fixes:
- Improved responsiveness when working with printers who are connected over Digital Factory
- Improved Scarf Seam behavior when used on overhangs and the visualisation of these seams in the preview for improved troubleshooting
- Added an option to abort sending a cloudprint job if the loading bar gets stuck
- Updated the behavior for One At a Time printjobs to reduce the chance of collisions at the end of the printing process

> - Improved the placement of custom Extruder End Gcode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extruder End GCode is now added to the end of the print process before Machine End GCode
```
